contributing.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

Please note that this project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md). By participating in this
project you agree to abide by its terms.

---

Ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Make sure the project is [open](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical) and accessible.
- Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
- The pull request and commit should have a useful title.
- The body of your commit message should contain a link to the repository and the license.
- Link additions should be added to the bottom of the relevant category.
- Make an individual pull request for each suggestion this makes our and your life easier.
- Use [title-casing](http://titlecapitalization.com) (AP style).
- New categories or improvements to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.

Thank you for your suggestions!

## Adding something to an awesome list

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list, this is how you do it.

You'll need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join)!

1. Access the awesome list's GitHub page. For example: https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome
2. Click on the `readme.md` file: ![Step 2 Click on Readme.md](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402920/53a7e3ea-480c-11e5-9d81-aecf64be55eb.png)
3. Now click on the edit icon. ![Step 3 - Click on Edit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402927/6506af22-480c-11e5-8c18-7ea823530099.png)
4. You can start editing the text of the file in the in-browser editor. Make sure you follow guidelines above. You can use [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/). ![Step 4 - Edit the file](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402932/7301c3a0-480c-11e5-81f5-7e343b71674f.png)
5. Say why you're proposing the changes, and then click on "Propose file change". ![Step 5 - Propose Changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402937/7dd0652a-480c-11e5-9138-bd14244593d5.png)
6. Submit the [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

## Updating your PR

A lot of times, making a PR adhere to the standards above can be difficult.
If the maintainers notice anything that we'd like changed, we'll ask you to
edit your PR before we merge it. There's no need to open a new PR, just edit
the existing one. If you're not sure how to do that,
[here is a guide](https://github.com/RichardLitt/knowledge/blob/master/github/amending-a-commit-guide.md)
on the different ways you can update your PR so that we can merge it.

## Automation
We have an automatic link checker in place now.
Your pull request will be checked by our bot, if everything is green, there's nothing to worry. It may however fail for the following reasons: 
* Duplicate entry
* Redirect of link

If you visiit the Travis CI website, and look at the log, it will tell you what to fix. If none of this makes sense to you, we will probably come in and guide you along to make the contribution a success.

Commit message:

Tweaks to contributing guide and a PR template
Add the checklist for new contributions to the PR template so that
people know to fill it out before submitting.

contributing.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

Please note that this project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md). By participating in this
project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Adding something to an awesome list

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list, this is how you do it.

You'll need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join)!

1. Access the awesome list's GitHub page. For example: https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome
2. Click on the `README.md` file: ![Step 2 Click on README.md](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402920/53a7e3ea-480c-11e5-9d81-aecf64be55eb.png)
3. Now click on the edit icon. ![Step 3 - Click on Edit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402927/6506af22-480c-11e5-8c18-7ea823530099.png)
4. You can start editing the text of the file in the in-browser editor. Make sure you follow guidelines above. You can use [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/). ![Step 4 - Edit the file](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402932/7301c3a0-480c-11e5-81f5-7e343b71674f.png)
5. Say why you're proposing the changes, and then click on "Propose file change". ![Step 5 - Propose Changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/9402937/7dd0652a-480c-11e5-9138-bd14244593d5.png)
6. Submit the [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)!

## Updating your PR

A lot of times, making a PR adhere to the standards above can be difficult.
If the maintainers notice anything that we'd like changed, we'll ask you to
edit your PR before we merge it. There's no need to open a new PR, just edit
the existing one. If you're not sure how to do that,
[here is a guide](https://github.com/RichardLitt/knowledge/blob/master/github/amending-a-commit-guide.md)
on the different ways you can update your PR so that we can merge it.

## Automation

We have an automatic link checker in place to help us detect broken links.
Your pull request will be checked by our bot that is running on TravisCI.
If everything is OK (all checks at the bottom of the PR page are green), there's nothing
to worry about.
It may however fail for the following reasons:

* Duplicate entry: Your link already exists in the file. In this case, please close your
  PR or let us know if there's a mistake.
* Redirection of link: Your link redirects somewhere else. In  this case, please use the
  final link after redirection.

Clicking on the failing build (a red x) will take you to the TravisCI website.
Look at the log to see what went wrong and what needs fixing.
If none of this makes sense to you, let us know and we'll come in and guide you along to
make the contribution a success.
